Update privacy.html.md (#195)
AdguardTeam/LegalDocs: adguard-dns.io/privacy.html.md

- We store logs of DNS queries from connected devices in order to display it to you on the AdGuard DNS dashboard. Logs contain status and content of requests, names of companies who own the requested resources, names of connected devices, date of requests. Additionally, we will log anonymized IP addresses (limited to subnet) of connected devices from which incoming DNS requests are received, when this option is enabled by you. Users may opt to disable logging via the account settings. The log is only stored for a limited period of time which can also be configured via the account settings.

> ## Crash reports and telemetry in AdGuard DNS applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Crash reports and telemetry in AdGuard DNS apps
```

> AdGuard DNS applications may offer you the option to share anonymized usage data and crash reports to help us improve the applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdGuard DNS may offer you the option of sharing anonymized usage data and crash reports with us to help improve our service.
```

This option is disabled by default and is only enabled with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time in **Settings** → **Help improve AdGuard DNS**.

If enabled, we may process:

> - **Usage data**, such as interaction with the application interface and technical events

Reviewer: application → app here and below
